has your fuel door ever been stuck shot
in your mark 5 GTI that you probably
need a fuel door actuator we're going to
show you how to install it in this video
today we can start by removing this
panel here and we're gonna do this so
that we can access this screw this Torx
screw and that Torx screw holds in part
of this panel and then we're just gonna
pop this off and get that out of the way
we don't need to take it out all the way
but you can pull this down to access
where you need to get to 4 let me field
or actuator ok so if you were in a pinch
and your fuel door was stuck shut this
rod right here is what controls it so
you can just pull that down and then
pull on the fuel door to release it
that's if you are in a pinch so we're
going to go ahead and take our seat
pillar trim off now we can remove the
c-pillar trim by popping this off here
and get those clips loose
alright now we have access to our motor
right here
you can get that removed ok so we have
our fuel door actuator right here and
the rod goes down to the fuel door if we
take a look here at our new one we have
these two what look like screws they're
not really screws it kind of just
doesn't stick in so it all it does is
pop up on these slides so we're gonna
take our we got a big flat head
screwdriver here and pop it up and then
gonna kind of wiggle it out of place
here and as you can see ours is
completely broken off the rod broke off
from this plastic piece here which is
why it's not working and then we have a
rod so here we have our new fuel door
actuator this rod actually goes down and
actuate sit this two Phillips screws
here you want to thread in as much as
you can and just leave a small gap
because they get turned back towards the
vehicle and then it slides down to lock
in place so we're gonna do that get your
rod lined up and then slide it past
these two holes and then down and then
what we're gonna do is take a pair of
pliers and tighten them down the rest of
the way now once we've installed that
we're gonna test it as we've just done
to make sure that it does actually
actuate and close the fuel door and then
open it back up again just to make sure
everything functions properly and now
we're gonna go ahead and read and
install our trim thanks for watching be
sure to subscribe and leave any
questions I
or feedback in the comments below